so I'm sure by now we all realize these
adaptations barely have anything to do
with the game they're just using it for
the nostalgia purposes to the point that
they even show you the arcade game
constantly in the background of the
movie but we all know the rock-solid
appeal to this movie is your boy Dwayne
the rock Johnson who never changes
clothes between sets by the way I'm not
saying it reinvents the blockbuster but
I kind of loved the rampaging parts of
rampage I almost gave it a jr. price for
how theater worthy I thought that third
act was but then had a settle for a rent
it because of that ending let me explain
so there's this check up in space who's
been testing these serums on a rat and
it causes the rat to go all freaking
Master Splinter on steroids to the point
that the entire spaceship explodes and
the remaining serums fall onto earth
yeah the shuttle disintegrates
but these potions were just fine that's
where the rock comes in with his buddy
George who we rescued from Africa as his
mom with getting turned into ashtrays by
poachers I know some people claim that
George has been whitewashed from the
game since he's an albino Nell but I
kind of like these two like finally the
Rock has someone his own size that he
can mess with until George touches that
serum thing that freakin turns him into
King Kong now this thing is like a
mixture of the limitless pill that
expands its mind it's like the
annihilation effect where it refract
with other beings and sammy sosa
steroids since he gets whiter there's
also a freakin she-wolf thing that got
the serum and it becomes feisty er than
Shakira the thing has wings like a bat
and just scoops up people like a scene
from predator even Joe Magne Magne Joe
Maggiano's who I think is one of the
most ba dudes out there practically the
Punishers father in my opinion kids
swallowed up like a gusher now Jessie
and James over here the sibling duo
responsible for this and stay are the
ones who set up the experiments because
of their company and they decided to
take it back to those 2012 movies where
they always rely on that third act our
sequence in order to attract these
monsters with so nars obviously the
government gets involved and that's
where negan not Jeffrey Dean Morgan
frickin lean and negan gets involved but
since he's not dealing with Rick but the
rock his batting ratio is way lower in
this one but he's still on that act
again now like I said I like the action
in this movie but Joe could try a little
bit for us I mean the rock complains
about being handcuffed right and then
randomly just Man of Steel's himself out
of it Joe magneto was only given like
one up but the Rockets shot in the liver
and then comes back the next scene
stronger than ever
it's like just a little bit of effort
right even that final sequence in
Chicago which I love right because I'm
from here seeing the mess-up Wacker
Drive to the point that Lollapalooza got
to get cancelled that was insane
but sometimes they do a little too much
when they drive the action from a 911 as
they drop down the Sears Tower all the
way to the floor I mean don't get me
wrong I flipped out when I saw that
alligator monster thing appeared because
I hadn't seen any of the trailers so
this thing was new to me when I see it
appear out of the Chicago River and I
was like I y'all are dead it's over I
even sent out these bomber Jets which
are always over Soldier Field for the
Bears game so I don't know what took
them so long to get there but of course
you know that a wounded Rock and his
buddy George are going to save the day
and then George dies at this point this
is where I wanted to give the movie a
jr. price because it had the guts to end
it like that right it was like first
mightyjoyoung then caesar and now are
aiive oh he's alive and then he flicks
us off i judge you should have died too
thanks guys for checking out this video
as always I'm curious to know your
thoughts down below look I'm okay with a
movie being dumb fun and I enjoy it but
I do think that when they had the action
down pat right like you could actually
see what was going on in the action
sequences regardless of it being full of
CGI but at a certain point you'll have
seven writers get an eighth one I guess
because you can still add a little bit
more to the story with this one but I
still recommend it it's a solid run to
jr. price if you really do want to go
see it because I do think that third act
is worth it but I'm curious to know your
thoughts and any other movies want me to
cover don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll send you over a
mutated Rhett